We've now got a vague idea of how all this stripe stuff works.
So now we're going to start to work on the payment service and we're really just going to implement
kind of this portion of the diagram right here.
So we're going to implement a request handler that's going to handle this incoming request right here
where we take the token that was provided to us from the Stripe Jar library and send it off to our payment
service.
And then in the payment service, we're going to take that token and make a follow up request to the
Stripe API to actually charge the users credit card.
Let me show you a diagram of the request handler that we're going to put together to implement this
part of the flow.
Okay.
So we're going to receive that, that request.
And inside the body of the request, we're going to include the token that the user just received.
And we're also going to include the order ID or the idea of the order that the user is trying to purchase.
Then inside of our request handler, we're going to go through the following series of steps.
We're going to first try to find the order that the user is attempting to pay for, and we're going
to do some validation around that order.
For example, we're going to make sure that the person who is trying to purchase the order is the or
pay for the order is the same person who tried to originally create the order.
We're also going to make sure that the order is still valid.
So in other words, it is still in the created state and it's not in the canceled state.
We'll also make sure that the amount of money that we are displaying inside the order, the price of
the order is equal to the amount of money that the user just authorized us to charge their credit card
for.
After that, we're going to make a request to the Stripe API to actually charge the user's credit card.
That's where we're going to actually build the user.
And then immediately after we will create a charge record inside of our database.
And this charge record is what's going to actually say that we have successfully billed the user for
some amount of money.
So that's it.
That's pretty much what we're going to do inside of some request handler.
And as I mentioned, we're going to be able to test out this entire flow using just alone or our automated
test runner.
We are not going to have to implement anything in the browser just yet to make sure that this stuff
works as expected.
Yes.
Let's get to it.
Let's build a request handler that goes through these series of steps.
So back inside of my editor, I'm going to find my payment service.
And inside there, I'm going to find the QQ directory.
And I'll make a new folder called Roots.
Well, then make a new file inside there of new dots.
I'm calling this new because we're creating a new charge object or a new charge record inside of our
database.
Then at the very top, we'll immediately add in a couple of different imports.
And a lot of these imports are going to look very familiar right away.
I'm going to import Express and the request and response types from Express.
I'm going to get the body validator from Express.
Validator.
And then we're going to get a couple of different middle wears and air objects from our common module
that will get require off validate request.
Bad request air.
And not found air.
And all that's going to come from our common module.
Then after that, I will import my order model we created just a little bit ago.
From up one directory models order.
I think that should be enough for right now.
So we can create a new router object using express.
So create a new router from express dot router.
And then we will associate a post request handler with this thing.
So I can say that anytime someone makes a post request to API payments, we're going to handle it inside
of this request handler.
I immediately add on the req as request.
Andrés as response.
And then right after the actual path right there, we'll add in a couple of different middleware.
So we had just imported.
So first, we definitely want to make sure that the user is actually authenticated.
If you are not authenticated, you should not be making a request to this handler.
We'll put in our required auth middleware.
Then after that, we'll put in a validation step and just make sure that the user is actually submitting
a token and an order ID as well.
So I'll put in a validator of body token.
We want to check and make sure that this thing is not empty.
So not is empty.
And then same thing for the order ID as well.
Order.
ID not is empty.
And naturally, if you want to, you can also put a custom message on there if you wish.
Totally up to you.
Then inside of the actual handler, I'm going to mark this thing as async because we're definitely going
to have to reach into our database at some point.
And for right now, just to get started, I'm going to put in a resend.
With a success.
True.
Like so.
Just to get started, we will replace this really, really quickly.
And they're going to make sure that I export this router at the bottom of the file.
So remember, we've been doing it named experts or we renamed the experts on the fly for all the different
routers we put together.
So I will export router as react charge router.
I'm going to save this file and I'm going to go and wired up inside of my app file.
So back inside of app.
Yes.
At the very top I will import.
Create charge router.
From our roots directory new.
And then right after.
Our apt use right here for current user.
Make sure right after that, right above the apple statement, we'll put in an app to use.
Or the recharge router that we just imported.
And that should get us started.
Now we are now handling requests that are coming to this route.
But remember, we have not yet added anything into our ingress engine config to make sure that requests
to API payments get directed to our payment service.
So we still have to make that quick change.
Let's do that right now as well.
Inside of my infra directory I'll find the cards folder and then inside there I'm going to find our
ingress service config.
I'm going to add a new path in here and I'll just add it at the very top.
So I'm going to duplicate the API users.
Paste it in.
So there's my duplicate.
I'll fix up some indentation.
And I'll change this to API payments like so.
And any time we receive a request going to API payments, I want to send that off to the payments,
CRV plus or EIP service.
So let's save that as well.
And now in theory, we could make a request to API payments and see a response back of success.
True.
Let's test that out right now.
Back inside.
A postman.
The back in postman.
I'm going to open up a new tab.
I'm going to make a request to HTTPS ticketing dev.
And then API payments.
I'll make sure I am making a post request.
Or headers I will add in that content type.
Of application, Jason.
And then as usual, over on the body tab, select raw, select JSON.
And right now I'll put in an empty object.
Now we do have some actual validation to make sure that we provide a token and an order ID which we
are not doing.
So when we submit this request, we should definitely see an error.
Come back.
They'll send this off.
And Oh, we're not singing there because we never actually wired up the validate request middleware
right there.
So although we failed that validation, we never actually handled it.
And so we just went through to the actual request handler what's let's wire up validate request right
now because I know I will forget that right after the two validation steps we'll add in validate request.
I'll save this.
And now if we flip back over and try to make that same request, now we get that appropriate air where
we are told that we have to provide a token and an order ID.
Okay.
So a little bit of progress here.
We'll take a quick pause, come back the next video, and then we're going to start to implement a couple
of different steps of business logic inside the actual route handler.